.TH "src/ho_string.h" 3 "23 May 2008" "Version 0.10.10" "libhocr" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src/ho_string.h \- libhocr C language header. 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Data Structures"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "struct \fBho_string\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIlibhocr string struct \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Defines"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "#define \fBHO_STRING_H\fP   1"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBho_string\fP * \fBho_string_new\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIcreats a new \fBho_string\fP struct \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBho_string_free\fP (\fBho_string\fP *s_str)"
.br
.RI "\fIfree a hocr_text_buffer struct from memory \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBho_string_cat\fP (\fBho_string\fP *s_str, const char *text)"
.br
.RI "\fIadd a string to hocr_text_buffer struct \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBho_string_set\fP (\fBho_string\fP *s_str, const char *text)"
.br
.RI "\fIset a string to \fBho_string\fP struct \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "char * \fBho_string_get\fP (const \fBho_string\fP *s_str)"
.br
.RI "\fIget the string of \fBho_string\fP struct \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBho_string\fP * \fBho_string_copy\fP (const \fBho_string\fP *s_str)"
.br
.RI "\fIcopy \fBho_string\fP struct \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
libhocr C language header. 

libhocr - LIBrary for Hebrew Optical Character Recognition 
.SH "Define Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "#define HO_STRING_H   1"
.PP
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBho_string\fP* ho_string_new ()"
.PP
creats a new \fBho_string\fP struct 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
pointer to a newly allocate \fBho_string\fP or null. 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by hocr::Hocr::do_font_recognition().
.SS "int ho_string_free (\fBho_string\fP * s_str)"
.PP
free a hocr_text_buffer struct from memory 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs_str\fP pointer to \fBho_string\fP struct. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
1 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Referenced by hocr::Hocr::do_font_recognition(), hocr::Hocr::set_bitmap(), hocr::Hocr::set_pixbuf(), and hocr::Hocr::~Hocr().
.SS "int ho_string_cat (\fBho_string\fP * s_str, const char * text)"
.PP
add a string to hocr_text_buffer struct 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs_str\fP pointer to hocr_text_buffer struct. 
.br
\fItext\fP pointer to the string to be added to the buffer. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
new size of text 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int ho_string_set (\fBho_string\fP * s_str, const char * text)"
.PP
set a string to \fBho_string\fP struct 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs_str\fP pointer to hocr_text_buffer struct. 
.br
\fItext\fP pointer to the string to be set to the buffer. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
new size of text 
.RE
.PP

.SS "char* ho_string_get (const \fBho_string\fP * s_str)"
.PP
get the string of \fBho_string\fP struct 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs_str\fP pointer to hocr_text_buffer struct. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
pointer to a newly allocated string (use free to free it) 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBho_string\fP* ho_string_copy (const \fBho_string\fP * s_str)"
.PP
copy \fBho_string\fP struct 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIs_str\fP pointer to hocr_text_buffer struct. 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
new \fBho_string\fP 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libhocr from the source code.
