.TH "hocr::Hocr" 3 "3 Feb 2008" "Version 0.10.5" "libhocr" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
hocr::Hocr \- \fBHocr\fP class.  

.PP
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
\fC#include <hocrpp.h>\fP
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBHocr\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBHocr\fP constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBHocr\fP (\fBho_pixbuf\fP *m_in)"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBHocr\fP constructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB~Hocr\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fI\fBHocr\fP destructor. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBset_pixbuf\fP (\fBho_pixbuf\fP *m_in)"
.br
.RI "\fIset pixbuf \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBset_bitmap\fP (\fBho_bitmap\fP *m_in)"
.br
.RI "\fIset b/w bitmap \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBho_pixbuf\fP * \fBget_pixbuf\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIget pixbuf \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBho_bitmap\fP * \fBget_bitmap\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIget bitmap \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBho_pixbuf\fP * \fBget_layout_pixbuf\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIget layout pixbuf \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "const char * \fBget_text\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIget text \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBget_progress\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIget progress of ocr \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdo_image_processing\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIdo image processing \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdo_layout_analysis\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIdo layout analysis \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdo_font_recognition\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIdo font recognition \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBdo_ocr\fP ()"
.br
.RI "\fIdo ocr \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
\fBHocr\fP class. 

class for Hebrew Optical Character Recognition 
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "hocr::Hocr::Hocr ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBHocr\fP constructor. 
.PP
.SS "hocr::Hocr::Hocr (\fBho_pixbuf\fP * m_in)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBHocr\fP constructor. 
.PP
.SS "hocr::Hocr::~Hocr ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
\fBHocr\fP destructor. 
.PP
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "int hocr::Hocr::set_pixbuf (\fBho_pixbuf\fP * m_in)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
set pixbuf 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIm_in\fP the pixbuf to use 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int hocr::Hocr::set_bitmap (\fBho_bitmap\fP * m_in)\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
set b/w bitmap 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIm_in\fP the b/w bitmap to use 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBho_pixbuf\fP* hocr::Hocr::get_pixbuf ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
get pixbuf 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the object pixbuf 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBho_bitmap\fP* hocr::Hocr::get_bitmap ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
get bitmap 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the object bitmap 
.RE
.PP

.SS "\fBho_pixbuf\fP* hocr::Hocr::get_layout_pixbuf ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
get layout pixbuf 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
a pixbuf of the object layout 
.RE
.PP

.SS "const char* hocr::Hocr::get_text ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
get text 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the recognized text 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int hocr::Hocr::get_progress ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
get progress of ocr 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
the progress 0..100 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int hocr::Hocr::do_image_processing ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
do image processing 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int hocr::Hocr::do_layout_analysis ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
do layout analysis 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int hocr::Hocr::do_font_recognition ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
do font recognition 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 
.RE
.PP

.SS "int hocr::Hocr::do_ocr ()\fC [inline]\fP"
.PP
do ocr 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
0 
.RE
.PP


.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for libhocr from the source code.
